1. Web application is built from dynamic internet pages that are passed from the server to the client side.
   server side - The server side is in charge of dealing with the data sent from the client side and returning it for dynamic
   changes on the client side.

   client side - The client side is in change of receiving the data from the server side and altering/displaying it for
   the user.

2. Web servers uses HTTP to send HTML, pictures and files.
   From the client it goes as a request to the server which then responds with data back to the client.

3. Web Servers have lots of use cases:
   Reverse Proxy - They can act as reverse proxies by forwarding requests to backend servers while doing other tasks
   like caching, load balancing and more. (Gilad talk about this in class)
   File storing  - There are web servers that are used for file sharing and distributing to other locations making the files
   reachable to users that are on the web.
   API Hosting - Web servers can also be good as APIs letting developers to give other companies ways to access
   there functions.

   Over all there are alot of use cases for Web servers

   Advantages of hosting a web application on web servers:
   Security - Web servers usually have very good security measures that include encryptions and authentications.
        This give our web application have more security.
   Accessibility - Web servers make the application accessible to anyone who has access to the internet which is very helpful.
   Scalability - Web servers work really well when it comes to handling alot of user traffic which is very useful
        to keep applications running smoothly for everyone.

4. Java servlet is java program that run on Java Applications Servers and extend the capabilities of the web server.
   Its made from java classes that are designed to respond to HTTP requests in the context of a Web applicaiton.

5. Apache Tomcat is an open-source software that provides java HTTP web server environment in which java code
   can also run. In other words its a java web application server.
   its Cross-Platform which means that it doesnt matter what OS you are using itll still work.
   Tomcat has a very large support community which means theres lots of documentatino and support.

6.
    Advantages:
        Cross-Platform:
            Since its cross platform you dont need to worry about what OS its being ran on, which is very helpful for
            developers.
        Open-Source:
            Apache Tomcat is an open source software, that means developers can alter what it does based on their needs.

    Disadvantages:
        Very complex:
            Tomcat is very complicated to configure.
        Performance:
            Tomcat is known for being very lightweight but at the same time the performance isn't as good as
            other application servers.